NET content filtering (#40861)
dotnet/docs: docs/ai/how-to/content-filtering.md

The [Content Filtering](/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/content-filter) documentation provides a deeper exploration of content filtering concepts and concerns. This article provides examples of how to work with content filtering features programmatically in a .NET app.

## Prerequisites

* An Azure account that has an active subscription. [Create an account for free](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/?WT.mc_id=A261C142F).
* [.NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/visual-studio-sdks)
* [Create and deploy an Azure OpenAI Service resource](/azure/ai-services/openai/how-to/create-resource)

## Configure and test the content filter

> To utilize the sample code in this article, you'll need to create and assign a content filter to your OpenAI model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the sample code in this article, you need to create and assign a content filter to your OpenAI model.
```
